To be known as a dignified guardian daughter like me
It has something to do with this kind of eighteen-line brother
Who else affects me?
Shut up and wait for us Haochen after the awards ceremony
It's the dragon giant
I'd like to see it
Then you will see me at the awards ceremony
How about a week?
Honey, don't waste your time with such an inferior person.
Let's go pick out clothes
Award ceremony
We must be the family that attracts the attention of everyone
Gu Jingxi
There are 500,000
As a hush fee for you
Hmph, don't let me see you again
500,000
Thank you, Sister Xu
Let's go
come
Married for 5 years
I wish him a successful career
In the end, be affectionate for my brother
I was blind.
Hey
But you're pretty miserable, right?
The dinner party in a few days is Shen Jiajia just for me
I can discuss it with him then.
Lend you your identity
So you said today
I already told you
I'm a real ID
But your ex-husband scum is too rich
If necessary
I'll ask you to dress up Yuncheng at the awards ceremony in a few days.
The down payment makes this scum regret it
All the fish ponds in our village are contracted by me.
You just wait to become the hall master poet
Our family will have the largest fish farm in the township
Marry me
You just wait for the rise to become a guardian
Hahahaha
Do you want me to take you home?
No, I have my own car.
Are you also a fan of this lady?
Okay, your suit is probably not cheap, right?
This scum's money is for nothing
You take the clothes for half a year
Not enough to call me
What do you think? My clothes are
advanced manual customization
Wait a minute.
Oh wow.
Hello Xu Zhi, I want to give a crab 100 kilograms in one belly.